add docs for naming derived instruments (#578)
pymeasure/pymeasure: docs/dev/adding_instruments.rst

In the above example, :code:`MultimeterA` and :code:`MultimeterB` use a different command to read the voltage, but the rest of the behaviour is identical.
:code:`MultimeterB` can be defined subclassing :code:`MultimeterA` and just implementing the difference.

Naming derived instruments
**************************

> When deriving an instrument from an existing implementation, you might want to give separate names to any derived instrument. Two possible schemes for this are the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deriving an instrument from an existing implementation, the derived instrument typically has a different name (e.g. another model number).
In addition, a user might want to give instantiated instruments setup-specific names (e.g. `Helmholtz_coil_driver` instead of `GenericPSU123`), especially if there is more than one device of the same make in a setup.
To accomodate these needs, there are two similar ways: 
```

> .. code-block:: python
>     class BaseClass:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python

    class BaseClass:
```
This needs at least this to work -- in RST there are blank lines between directives/their options and the content.
